Implement new `MomentumQNGOptimizer` compatible with (q)jit (#7606)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Quantum just-in-time compilation to optimize parameterized hybrid workflows: the :class:`~.MomentumQNGOptimizerQJIT`
>   has been added to offer a `jax.jit`- and `qml.qjit`-compatible analogue to the existing :class:`~.MomentumQNGOptimizer`
>   with an Optax-like interface.
>   [(#7606)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7606)
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
* Leveraging quantum just-in-time compilation to optimize parameterized hybrid workflows with the quantum 
  momentum quantum natural gradient optimizer is now possible with the new 
  :class:`~.MomentumQNGOptimizerQJIT` optimizer. 
  [(#7606)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7606)

  Similar to the :class:`~.QNGOptimizerQJIT` optimizer, :class:`~.MomentumQNGOptimizerQJIT` offers a 
  `jax.jit`- and `qml.qjit`-compatible analogue to the existing :class:`~.MomentumQNGOptimizer` with an 
  Optax-like interface:

  ```python
  import pennylane as qml
  import jax.numpy as jnp
  @qml.qjit(autograph=True)
  def workflow():
      dev = qml.device("lightning.qubit", wires=2)
      @qml.qnode(dev)
      def circuit(params):
          qml.RX(params[0], wires=0)
          qml.RY(params[1], wires=1)
          return qml.expval(qml.Z(0) + qml.X(1))
      
      opt = qml.MomentumQNGOptimizerQJIT(stepsize=0.1, momentum=0.2)
      params = jnp.array([0.1, 0.2])
      state = opt.init(params)
      
      for _ in range(100):
          params, state = opt.step(circuit, params, state)
      
      return params
  ```

  ```pycon
  >>> workflow()
  Array([ 3.14159265, -1.57079633], dtype=float64)
  ```
````

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* Leveraging quantum just-in-time compilation to optimize parameterized hybrid workflows with the momentum
  quantum natural gradient optimizer is now possible with the new :class:`~.MomentumQNGOptimizerQJIT` optimizer.
  [(#7606)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7606)

  Similar to the :class:`~.QNGOptimizerQJIT` optimizer, :class:`~.MomentumQNGOptimizerQJIT` offers a 
  `jax.jit`- and `qml.qjit`-compatible analogue to the existing :class:`~.MomentumQNGOptimizer` with an 
  Optax-like interface:

  ```python
  import pennylane as qml
  import jax.numpy as jnp

>   @qml.qjit(autograph=True)

Reviewer 2: Once again a bit confused by the choice to `qjit` the whole workflow. I feel like it'd be better to showcase being able to qjit individual steps. If the user forgets the `autograph=True` part, this will have *substantial* performance penalties.  It seems like we are recommending something that they are likely to mess up. I'd prefer to recommend the more robust syntax.

Reviewer 2: Same comment on the class docstring too.  I'd recommend showcasing jitting/ qjitting individual steps instead.

Author: I briefly discussed about this also with @Alex-Preciado and the recommended strategy here would be:

1. After the code example showing how to use `qjit` on the whole workflow, add to the docstring also an example to show its usage on a single optimization step (as we did in the `QNGOptimizerQJIT` docstring)
2. For both `QNGOptimizerQJIT` and `MomentumQNGOptimizerQJIT`, add a more exhaustive disclaimer/note pointing out the necessity of enabling `autograph` and a short explanation of why this is the case

Reviewer 2: Just because it's how they will doesn't mean it's how they should. And in our examples we can provide what they should to influence how they will.

Reviewer: @SimoneGasperini yours and Alex's suggestion seems like a good plan 👍

Author: Ok thank you @isaacdevlugt 👌🏽

I've just updated the disclaimer both for QNG and Momentum-QNG. Take a look at [45e6f3d](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7606/commits/45e6f3d916c9910d70a24bf2c3b48c674f75db93) and feel free to change it.
